doc: update testing components doc with generated compileComponent (#41947)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/upgrade-setup.md

In Windows, by default, one application can only have 6 websocket connections, <a href="https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/ee330736%28v=vs.85%29.aspx?f=255&MSPPError=-2147217396#websocket_maxconn" title="MSDN WebSocket settings">MSDN WebSocket Settings</a>.
So when IE is refreshed (manually or automatically by `ng serve`), sometimes the websocket does not close properly. When websocket connections exceed the limitations, a `SecurityError` will be thrown. This error will not affect the Angular application, you can just restart IE to clear this error, or modify the windows registry to update the limitations.

> ## Appendix: Test using `fakeAsync()/async()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Appendix: Test using `fakeAsync()/waitForAsync()`
```

> If you use the `fakeAsync()/async()` helper function to run unit tests (for details, read the [Testing guide](guide/testing-components-scenarios#fake-async)), you need to import `zone.js/testing` in your test setup file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the `fakeAsync()/waitForAsync()` helper functions to run unit tests (for details, read the [Testing guide](guide/testing-components-scenarios#fake-async)), you need to import `zone.js/testing` in your test setup file.
```
